Light client tutorial using `bdk-cli` (#49)
bitcoindevkit/bitcoindevkit.org: content/blog/2021/compact_filters_demo.md

---
title: "Using BDK as a Neutrino wallet"
description: "Tutorial showing usage of compact filters (BIP157) using bdk-cli command line tools"
authors:
    - Rajarshi Maitra

> date: "2021-05-28"

Reviewer: Best to update this to:
```suggestion
date: "2021-06-17"
```

Author: Done.

tags: ["guide", "bdk-cli", "compact_filters"]
hidden: true
draft: false
---

## Introduction

#### Compact Filters:

> Compact filters are the latest specification of Bitcoin SPV node implementation as per [BIP157](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0157.mediawiki) and [BIP158](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0158.mediawiki). These filters allow creation of light client nodes (aka Neutrinos). Such light clients have been envisioned in the white paper also by Satoshi himself, but due to lack of robust privacy and trust guarantees using conventional [bloomfilters](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0037.mediawiki), these type of nodes never got popular. 

Reviewer: I think it'd be clearer instead of saying "(aka Neutrinos)" .. and also a little rewording,  something like:
```suggestion
Compact filters are the latest specification of Bitcoin SPV node implementation as per [BIP157](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0157.mediawiki) and [BIP158](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0158.mediawiki). The [Neutrino](https://github.com/lightninglabs/neutrino) project pioneered the use of compact filter based light client nodes for use with Lightning Network wallets. Such light clients were envisioned by Satoshi himself in  his original white paper, but due to lack of robust privacy and trust guarantees using conventional [bloomfilters](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0037.mediawiki), these type of nodes never got popular. 
```

Author: Seems good..

> Enters [BIP157](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0157.mediawiki), which described a new type of filters for Bitcoin Blockchain data, known as `compact_filters`. Using compact filters, a light-node can talk to one or more full nodes, and fetch relevant information on the blockchain. With much more robust privacy and security guarantees than previously possible. These are **Neutrinos**. And they are best suitable to be embedded inside mobile wallets, to create more trustless mobile applications on Bitcoin. Any wallet application that needs to have an "eye on the blockchain" has an use for such light clients. 

Reviewer: I also recommend rewording here since I don't think CBF clients are necessarily referred to as "Neutrinos" that project was just the first implementation of the BIPs.

```suggestion
Enters [BIP157](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0157.mediawiki), which described a new type of filters for Bitcoin Blockchain data, known as `compact_filters`. Using compact filters, a light-node can talk to one or more full nodes, and fetch relevant information on the blockchain. With much more robust privacy and security guarantees than previously possible. Compact filter based nodes are best suitable to be used with mobile wallets, to create more trustless mobile applications on Bitcoin. Any wallet application that needs to have an "eye on the blockchain" has an use for such light clients. 
```

Author: Ya, I thought they were called Neutrino in general. Updated.

Example of such neutrino wallets in wild is [Breeze](https://github.com/breez/breezmobile) Lightning mobile wallet.

Bitcoin core supports `BIP157` from `v0.21.0`.  

#### BDK and Compact filters

> BDK is a bitcoin wallet development library that can be used to create bitcoin wallets with ith custom `Database` and `Blockchain` backend. BDK is a [descriptor](https://bitcoindevkit.org/descriptors/) based wallet, i.e. the wallet keychain is described by a set of descriptors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BDK is a bitcoin wallet development library that can be used to create bitcoin wallets with custom `Database` and `Blockchain` backends. BDK is a [descriptor](https://bitcoindevkit.org/descriptors/) based wallet, i.e. the wallet keychain is described by a set of descriptors. 
```

Author: Done.

> Using BDK one can instantiate wallets of various kinds as per requirement. BDK abstracts away all the heavy lifting works, and allow wallet devs to concentrate on logic that they care about, i.e. writing wallet codes. For more detailed documentation on BDK capabilities check these [blog](https://bitcoindevkit.org/blog/2020/12/hello-world/), [bog](https://bitcoindevkit.org/blog/2020/11/descriptors-in-the-wild/) and [docs](https://docs.rs/bdk/0.7.0/bdk/).

Reviewer: If you leave out the version then the latest will be used:
```suggestion
Using BDK one can instantiate wallets of various kinds as per requirement. BDK abstracts away all the heavy lifting works, and allow wallet devs to concentrate on logic that they care about, i.e. writing wallet codes. For more detailed documentation on BDK capabilities check these [blog](https://bitcoindevkit.org/blog/2020/12/hello-world/), [bog](https://bitcoindevkit.org/blog/2020/11/descriptors-in-the-wild/) and [docs](https://docs.rs/bdk/).
```

Author: Updated.

The main three components of abstraction in BDK are 
  - `Database`
  - `Descriptors`
  - `Blockchain`

BDK comes with default implementations of all them that developers can start with. Developers can also create there own custom implementations and plug it into BDK (thanks to rust magic of `Traits`).

> BDK implements BIP158 communication protocol, that wallet devs can use to create their own Neutrino node that can request and receive filter data from one or many full nodes. This capability can be unlocked by using BDK with `compact_filters` feature. Once enabled, BDK will be able to create wallets with the `compact_filters` type `Blockchain` backend. (The default `Blockchain` is a electrum server) 

Reviewer: small nits:
```suggestion
BDK implements the BIP158 communication protocol, that wallet devs can use to create their own Neutrino node that can request and receive filter data from one or many full nodes. This capability can be unlocked by using BDK with the `compact_filters` feature. Once enabled, BDK will be able to create wallets with the `compact_filters` type `Blockchain` backend. (The default `Blockchain` is a electrum server) 
```

Author: Done.

#### bdk-cli

> `bdk-cli` is lightweight [REPL](https://codewith.mu/en/tutorials/1.0/repl) wrapper over the BDK library to facilitate quick and easy demonstration of BDK capabilities in command-line. Wallet devs can use this tool to quickly try out different possibilities with BDK.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
`bdk-cli` is a lightweight [REPL](https://codewith.mu/en/tutorials/1.0/repl) wrapper over the BDK library to facilitate quick and easy demonstration of BDK capabilities in command-line. Wallet devs can use this tool to quickly try out different possibilities with BDK.
```

Author: Done.

In this tutorial, We will use `bdk-cli` to demonstrate some basic BDK functionalities as a Neutrino wallet.

## Tutorial Scope
To demonstrate basic wallet functionalities, with Neutrino backend using `bdk-cli`

  - create and sync a wallet,
  - receive a transaction,
  - create a transaction,
  - sign and broadcast the transaction,
  - fetch updated balance,

Here we will have a Bitcoin Core wallet and a BDK wallet, sending and receiving transactions between each other. The BDK wallet will sync itself using compact filters from the Core node. 

## Prerequisites
Following things are required to start with the tutorial.

1. A Bitcoin Core regtest node listening at `localhost:18444` signalling for compact filter support. 
2. `bdk-cli` compiled with `compact_filter` features.

If you already have these two setup and working, you can skip this and jump to the [Tutorial](#Tutorial) section.

#### Install and run `bitcoind` 
You can definitely do it with your own `bitcoind` installation. `BIP157` support has been included in Bitcoin Core `v0.21.0`. So anything above that will work.

You also need to ensure proper configuration settings for signalling `compact_filters` support.  

> For ease of testing, BDK project hosts docker images that can be used to spawn Bitcoin Core with all the relevant configurations.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
For ease of testing, the BDK project hosts docker images that can be used to spawn Bitcoin Core with all the relevant configurations.
```

Author: Done.

- spawn a regtest node using [bitcoin-regtest-box](https://github.com/bitcoindevkit/bitcoin-regtest-box) docker file. 
  
  This should start logging the `debug.log` in the terminal. You can keep this terminal alive to see communication events with BDK and the node.

  ```shell

>   $ docker run -p 127.0.0.1:18443-18444:18443-18444/tcp --name bdk-box bitcoindevkit/bitcoind

Reviewer: This will put the container in the background and automatically clean it up when killed:
```suggestion
  $ docker run --detach --rm -p 127.0.0.1:18443-18444:18443-18444/tcp --name bdk-box bitcoindevkit/bitcoind
  
  # view logs
  $ docker logs bdk-box
```

Author: Done.

  ```
  This will spin up a docker container running `bicoind` and listening to port `18444` and `18333`.

  ```shell
  $ sudo netstat -nptl | grep 'docker'
    tcp    0   0   127.0.0.1:18443     0.0.0.0:*      LISTEN  140708/docker-proxy
    tcp    0   0   127.0.0.1:18444     0.0.0.0:*      LISTEN  140695/docker-proxy
  ```
- Check node is reachable

>   Assuming you have `bitcoin-cli` already installed, 

Reviewer: If you are OK using the `bdk-box` for the `bitcoin-cli` you can remove this line.

Author: Removed. No need for using `bitcoin-cli` separately, when it already comes with the docker.

  In another terminal try connecting to the node with `bitcoin-cli`
  ```shell

>   $ bitcoin-cli getnetworkinfo

Reviewer: I think it'd be easier to not need bitcoin-cli installed this will work:
```suggestion
  $ docker exec -it bdk-box /root/bitcoin-cli -regtest getnetworkinfo
```

Author: Makes sense..

  {
    "version": 210000,

>     "subversion": "/Satoshi:0.21.0/",

Reviewer: I recently updated the docker images, so version changed:
```suggestion
    "subversion": "/Satoshi:0.21.1/",
```

Author: Done

    "protocolversion": 70016,
    "localservices": "0000000000000449",
    "localservicesnames": [
      "NETWORK",
      "WITNESS",
      "COMPACT_FILTERS",
      "NETWORK_LIMITED"
      ...
    ],
  }

  ```
  The `version` byte should be `210000`. `localservicesnames` should contain `"COMPACT_FILTERS"`. If you see this, then Bitcoin Core is correctly configured.

#### Install and run bdk-cli
- Install `bdk-cli` with `compact_filters` feature

  ```shell

>   $ cargo install bdk-cli --features compact_filters

Reviewer 2: Package `bdk-cli v0.2.0` does not have the feature `compact_filters`

Author: Yes, because https://github.com/bitcoindevkit/bdk-cli/pull/26 hasn't been merged yet. You can build `bdk-cli` on top of that PR branch to get `compact_filters` support.

Reviewer 2: oops, sorry!

Reviewer 2: got the correct version from your pr branch now :P

>   $ cargo install bdk-cli --features compact_filters

Reviewer: If we use this command we won't have to wait for the new `3.0` version before publishing this blog:
```suggestion
  $ cargo install --git https://github.com/bitcoindevkit/bdk-cli.git bdk-cli --features compact_filters
```

Author: Ok seems good. Updated.

BDK wallet will ask for two descriptors as input, corresponding to `receive` and `change` addresses. Its recommended to have these two descriptors separate as BDK will handle them separately and ensure `change` addresses are never used for receiving funds. 

Or developers can decide to use a single descriptor too, in that case BDK will use that descriptor for deriving both `receive` and `change` addresses.

We will use BDK itself to generate such descriptors.

- #### Generate a privatekey
	`bdk-cli key generate` will generate a fresh master key with `mnemonic` and `xprv`. We have extracted the value of extended private key and stored it in `BDK_xprv` variable.

  The returned `mnemonic` can be used to restore back the wallet if wallet data directory is lost.  
  ```shell
  $ BDK_xprv=$(bdk-cli key generate | jq -r '.xprv')
  $ echo $BDK_xprv 
  tprv8ZgxMBicQKsPefY7tdq7EKny81n9tfSvUYfSHAZByXdjPAZVysvaB6sFd2YavqfqMBgbHaXUG5oWM6sYvdJn6vnUizzQKTYAJ36bQsfPv4N
  ```
  

- #### Generate Descriptors
	BDK can derive `xpub`s given a `xprv` and `derivation_path`.

  We will use the following paths for our `receive` and `change` descriptors 

> 	- `receive` path: `m/84h/0h/0h/0` 

Reviewer: Technically since we're using regtest/testnet the coin type for BIP84 should be 1h (as per [BIP44](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/BIP_0044#Registered_coin_types)):
```suggestion
	- `receive` path: `m/84h/1h/0h/0` 
```

Author: Ah thats right..

> 	- `change` path: `m/84h/0h/0h/1`, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- `change` path: `m/84h/1h/0h/1`, 
```

	
	We can then simply wrap them in a `"wpkh(desc)"` string and store them, which BDK will take as its descriptors input. 

  When asking for a new address BDK will derive one from the `receive` descriptor, and while constructing transaction, BDK will use the `change` descriptor to derive change address.

	```shell

>   $ BDK_recv_desc="wpkh($(bdk-cli key derive --path m/84h/0h/0h/0 --xprv $BDK_xprv | jq -r '.xprv'))"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ BDK_recv_desc="wpkh($(bdk-cli key derive --path m/84h/1h/0h/0 --xprv $BDK_xprv | jq -r '.xprv'))"
```

Author: Done..

  $ echo $BDK_recv_desc

>   wpkh([ff09c7c9/84'/0'/0'/0]tprv8hkdEGgwLLnqsdfkJFidpTj5d6z5qFdP6Qwzsviea3HrS9C2mXXaDivPKCCgcaWvnGNX9eciLUQs91PWYXJqrChfnAagViCgG6L5phaNyWr/*) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  wpkh([ff09c7c9/84'/1'/0'/0]tprv8hkdEGgwLLnqsdfkJFidpTj5d6z5qFdP6Qwzsviea3HrS9C2mXXaDivPKCCgcaWvnGNX9eciLUQs91PWYXJqrChfnAagViCgG6L5phaNyWr/*) 
```

Author: done

  ```
  ```shell

>   $ BDK_chng_desc="wpkh($(bdk-cli key derive --path m/84h/0h/0h/1 --xprv $BDK_xprv | jq -r '.xprv'))"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ BDK_chng_desc="wpkh($(bdk-cli key derive --path m/84h/1h/0h/1 --xprv $BDK_xprv | jq -r '.xprv'))"
```

Author: Done..

  $ echo $BDK_chng_desc 

>   wpkh([ff09c7c9/84'/0'/0'/1]tprv8hkdEGgwLLnqtbYkGG7fSy7v43RF2SQGGjNuZtmBzEHh7H8xgpXBETQAbVPqi8rkvLNFKLYY4rDzXA4fn5Ha1yuazZqhQPe3uNKmFS7648s/*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  wpkh([ff09c7c9/84'/1'/0'/1]tprv8hkdEGgwLLnqtbYkGG7fSy7v43RF2SQGGjNuZtmBzEHh7H8xgpXBETQAbVPqi8rkvLNFKLYY4rDzXA4fn5Ha1yuazZqhQPe3uNKmFS7648s/*)
```

Author: done

    - connected to a full node (`--node`) listening at `127.0.0.1:18444`,
    - and finally sync and create the wallet.

  If you are using a `regtest` node, also add `--network regtest`, the default is `testnet`.

  `bdk-cli` can connect to multiple nodes and has a `--conn-count` parameter, which sets number of connections to be made to each nodes (default 4). This makes syncing parallel and fast. For this demo, we will use only a single node. 

	```shell
  $ bdk-cli --network regtest wallet --node "127.0.0.1:18444" --wallet bdk-test -d $BDK_recv_desc -c $BDK_chng_desc sync
  {}
  ```

  Getting an empty return means wallet creation succeeded.

  BDK has created a wallet named `bdk-test` in its data directory. Which is by default stored at `~/.bdk-bitcoin/compact_filters` folder, for wallets with `compact_filters` feature.

  Looking into the folder we can see different files and directories maintained by BDK.
  ```shell
  $ ls .bdk-bitcoin/compact_filters/
  000004.log  CURRENT   LOCK  MANIFEST-000003  OPTIONS-000010
  bdk-test    IDENTITY  LOG   OPTIONS-000008
  ```
  These are the block filter data and the `bdk-test` wallet folder.
  
   
 

> ### Bitcoin Core Wallet Generation

Reviewer: The "Bitcoin Core Wallet Generation" section needs to be moved  above the "Create and Sync a wallet" section because compact block filters won't be served and the sync will fail unless some blocks have been generated by bitcoind first.

Author: Yes that seems better..

This is standard procedure with `bitcoin-cli`.

- Create a wallet and generate 101 blocks. 
  ```shell

>   $ bitcoin-cli createwallet test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ docker exec -it bdk-box /root/bitcoin-cli -regtest createwallet test
```

Author: done

  {
    "name": "test",
    "warning": ""
  }
  ```

  ```shell

>   $ bitcoin-cli getnewaddress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ docker exec -it bdk-box /root/bitcoin-cli -regtest getnewaddress
```

  bcrt1qatd7yq0jukwusuaufltlejmeydpvnpv43r5gc2
  ```
  ```shell

>   $ bitcoin-cli generatetoaddress 101 bcrt1qatd7yq0jukwusuaufltlejmeydpvnpv43r5gc2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ docker exec -it bdk-box /root/bitcoin-cli -regtest generatetoaddress 101 bcrt1qatd7yq0jukwusuaufltlejmeydpvnpv43r5gc2
```

  [
  "3813ed6eb716f4743b9657d918799acf743add985a8ded28d8aa3629dd4496b6",
  "70da855913bdf791b6e458c611cebdef79b7a9840eb103ce58c71c1c7e3c49bc",
  "682ca732ef72719cd6f82c5047c7690fb1cd2df2543d035ac4ea99e974b8d172",
  "78799e4771017d4f46aa3c240054e2d61f54cea07ec44cb18ae712761e0aaa1e",
  ...
  ]
  ```
  ```shell

>   $ bitcoin-cli getbalance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ docker exec -it bdk-box /root/bitcoin-cli -regtest getbalance
```

  50.00000000
  ```

> - Now the core wallet is loaded and funded so we can use it to make transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now the core wallet has generated new blocks and is funded with test bitcoin so we can sync our bdk wallet and use it to make transactions.
```

### Recieve Coins

We will use the `core` wallet to send 5 BTC to our`bdk-test` wallet.

- Fetch a new address using `bdk-cli`
  ```shell
  $ bdk-cli --network regtest wallet --node "127.0.0.1:18444" --wallet bdk-test -d $BDK_recv_desc -c $BDK_chng_desc get_new_address
  {
    "address": "bcrt1qx2479wywulf50pqx5uy64zhxq9f3tuvlh8u0s9"
  }
  ```

- Transfer funds to the previous address and generate a block, using `bitcoin-cli`
  ```shell

>   $ bitcoin-cli sendtoaddress bcrt1qx2479wywulf50pqx5uy64zhxq9f3tuvlh8u0s9 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ docker exec -it bdk-box /root/bitcoin-cli -regtest sendtoaddress bcrt1qx2479wywulf50pqx5uy64zhxq9f3tuvlh8u0s9 5
```

>   $ bitcoin-cli generatetoaddress 1 bcrt1qw3ht9xtc9pgyvmqay0ap9fw8mxd27az8el0uz3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ docker exec -it bdk-box /root/bitcoin-cli -regtest generatetoaddress 1 bcrt1qw3ht9xtc9pgyvmqay0ap9fw8mxd27az8el0uz3
```

  ```

  `core` has sent 5 BTC to our `bdk-test` wallet. Which is confirmed in a new block. 
  
  `bdk-test` can see that now by syncing with `core`. 

  (Note: BDK uses manual syncing to give wallet developers flexibility on when to sync. So `bdk-cli` also needs to sync manually).
  ```shell
  $ bdk-cli --network regtest wallet --node "127.0.0.1:18444" --wallet bdk-test -d $BDK_recv_desc -c $BDK_chng_desc sync
  {}

  $ bdk-cli --network regtest wallet --node "127.0.0.1:18444" --wallet bdk-test -d $BDK_recv_desc -c $BDK_chng_desc get_balance
  {
    "satoshi": 500000000
  }
  ```

  We can see `500000000` sats balance in our `bdk-test` wallet. 
  
  BDK has fetched blockchain details concerning its wallet descriptors, from the core node, using compact filters. 

### Creating a transaction.
  Now we want to create a transaction sending coins from `bdk-test` wallet to the `core` wallet.

- fetch a new `core` address
  ```shell

>   $ core_addrs=$(bitcoin-cli getnewaddress)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ core_addrs=$(docker exec -it bdk-box /root/bitcoin-cli -regtest getnewaddress | tr -d '\r')
```

  ```
  (Also check other information returned by `bdk-cli create_tx`)  

### Sign and Broadcast the transaction
Asking BDK to sign a transaction is as straight forward as it can get. BDK already holds the `xprv` deatils to sign a transaction. It returns a finalised `signed_psbt` which we will next broadcast to the network.
	
- Sign the transaction
  ```shell
  $ signed_psbt=$(bdk-cli --network regtest wallet --node "127.0.0.1:18444" --wallet bdk-test -d $BDK_recv_desc -c $BDK_chng_desc sign --psbt $psbt | jq -r '.psbt')
  ```  

- Broadcast the transaction
  ```shell
  $ bdk-cli --network regtest wallet --node "127.0.0.1:18444" --wallet bdk-test -d $BDK_recv_desc -c $BDK_chng_desc broadcast --psbt $signed_psbt 
  {
    "txid": "c343f5b25372e285308eba912d1fe8fade9f64afde6d95306e248e52e0852252"
  }
  ```
  This makes BDK broadcast the transaction via the connected core node, and it returns the corresponding Txid.

### Confirming the Transaction
 The transaction has been received by the `core` node and waiting in its mempool for inclusion in block.
 We can see the transaction via its `txid` received in previous step.

- Check transaction in mempool
  ```shell

>   $ bitcoin-cli gettransaction c343f5b25372e285308eba912d1fe8fade9f64afde6d95306e2248e52e0852252

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ docker exec -it bdk-box /root/bitcoin-cli -regtest gettransaction c343f5b25372e285308eba912d1fe8fade9f64afde6d95306e2248e52e0852252
```

  {
    "amount": 2.00000000,
    "confirmations": 0,
    "trusted": false,
    "txid": "c343f5b25372e285308eba912d1fe8fade9f64afde6d95306e248e52e0852252",
    "walletconflicts": [
    ],
    "time": 1621697202,
    "timereceived": 1621697202,
    "bip125-replaceable": "no",
    "details": [
      {
        "address": "bcrt1q3h4hs6mve5dcl7da3d4acmlp20hh8c3t4mldwe",
        "category": "receive",
        "amount": 2.00000000,
        "label": "",
        "vout": 1
      }
    ],
    "hex": "01000000000101d84e8cb7477f9fe6f265b56d5416ff47da9a70be18f65ec50731b8257c67f2bd0100000000ffffffff0273a2e11100000000160014874270187001febc4cebd8cb083cf2c783e8f1ac00c2eb0b000000001600148deb786b6ccd1b8ff9bd8b6bdc6fe153ef73e22b0247304402201037d9ef5b80392296311c8899b1f12a0987778d694a442a88bafa6fbd7a7c9a022011293176255897444d9c71b0b9cd13b2aedb749b142577566c90a63d61025e2c01210202427d16b29c1c8546255363a74326ee9ab3196770bb3fccc7b679d52f9c1ccf00000000"
  }
  ```
  This means, core has recieved the transaction in its mempool and waiting for confirmation.

- Generate 1 block to confirm the transaction
  ```shell

>   $ bitcoin-cli generatetoaddress 1 bcrt1qatd7yq0jukwusuaufltlejmeydpvnpv43r5gc2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ docker exec -it bdk-box /root/bitcoin-cli -regtest generatetoaddress 1 bcrt1qatd7yq0jukwusuaufltlejmeydpvnpv43r5gc2
```

  [
    "55436ff0169bbb3e70ab10cb7cdd45ab86204d5d7864a109142d91120d023197"
  ]
  ```

- Sync the `bdk-test` wallet and ask for available balance.
  ```shell

> 	$ bdk-cli --network regtest wallet --node 127.0.0.1:18444 --wallet bdk-test --descriptor $desc sync

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	$ bdk-cli --network regtest wallet --node "127.0.0.1:18444" --wallet bdk-test -d $BDK_recv_desc -c $BDK_chng_desc sync
```

Author: Eh missed that..

	{}
	

> 	$ bdk-cli --network regtest wallet --node 127.0.0.1:18444 --wallet bdk-test --descriptor $desc get_balance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	$ bdk-cli --network regtest wallet --node "127.0.0.1:18444" --wallet bdk-test -d $BDK_recv_desc -c $BDK_chng_desc get_balance
```

	{
		"satoshi": 299999859
	}
  ```

	Voila! We have the updated balance. 

> 

Reviewer: I would also add a step to kill the container, so it will get cleaned up in case they want to run the tutorial again, something like: 

You may now shutdown the regtest docker container, this will also clean up any created data.

```
  $ docker kill bdk-box
```

Author: Ya makes sense..
